---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome! What to expect..."
tags: "Welcome! Updates"
---


> <h5><bold>Hello world</bold>, my name is <a href="https://github.com/Willdev12">WillDev</a> (Otherwise known as WillDevv12 plus or minus a v) and I am an aspiring self-taught developer from the U.S. From here on, you will be able to find comments and notes about my different web-apps and programs on this blog.</h5>

### So what's the scoop?

As of now, I am coming back from a wonderful vacation with some friends and family.  When I return, I will begin working again on my active and unpublished projects.
Some of these are the following:

* ExploitHUB
>    - (Collaboration with Nikodev123) A secure file hub for game exploits
>    - **This may take a good while to complete due to the small team** (Will be published on M0Labs account)
* Spoon
>    - **A script injector similar to Tampermonkey**
>    - Sadly, I wasn't to happy with the buggy outcome of the first version (An incredibly broken bookmarklet) so I decided to scrap it and start over.  Again, this one may take a week or two to publish as I myself will have to work around Google's manifest v3 with a stricter schedule and less time to work on my stuff.
>    - To add onto this, I also plan on building a language made specifically for injecting code into websites, so the release time may vary.
* WeHateYT
>    - **All in one Youtube exploit**
>    - Of all of them, I would guess this one has to be the funnest to play around with.  Just imagine those fun youtube addons but if they were packed in a Minecraft hack client.  Fun stuff.  As for progress, I'd say I'm around 40% done with the project itself (I am currently almost done with the html mainframe and injecting but still need to do all the tedious JS work.)
* Updates
>    - **Believe it or not, I actually intend to update some of my stuff.**
>    - Since more of my older projects seem to get more traction than the newer ones, I think I will start having to update those more (Markdown Builder and some of the Google Sheets stuff) instead of pumping out low quality svg generators.  As for the svg generators, I may stuff all of those into one big repo just so I don't need to keep creating so many repos.

### Answering questions people may have

* What is M0Labs?
>    - M0Labs is an account shared between me and one of my friends.  Though it won't be as active as others, the content that is posted will be much bigger than other accounts. As of now it is sitting idle waiting for some posts.
* Are you alive?
>    - Yes, I am in fact alive.  The reasons that I have big gaps in my commit calender are due to the fact that even though I happen to have a lot of time on my hands, life seems to want to make things busy for me.  I develop in my freetime so output may not be as efficient as others on the platform.
* Upload schedule?
>    - Adding onto the last, I would rather post on here about my progress than make due dates to avoid stress.  It really depends on whether or not I am able to get things out at a good pace, but bugs seem to like me so it may take a while to me to push out big projects like WeHateYT compared to my Google Sheets scripts.  Also, I would like to keep a healthy relationship between how much time I am spending on this compared to real life stuff since my GitHub account is in fact a hobby.  If I do go idle for many days at a time, I will be sure to post progress updates on here.  Anyways, commits will be on and off due to my strange schedule.

### Conclusion

If you made it down here, and be sure to check out my [profile](https://github.com/WillDev12) if you havent already, otherwise have a good one and be prepared for some more updates to come.

Thanks for reading,<br>
*WillDev12*